signatures: use OwnedKeyId instead of String for PublicKeySet index (#1808)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-signatures/CHANGELOG.md

# [unreleased]

Breaking changes:

> - Use `OwnedServerSigningKeyId` for the keys of `PublicKeySet`  instead of `String`.

Reviewer: A double space.

```suggestion
- Use `OwnedServerSigningKeyId` for the keys of `PublicKeySet` instead of `String`.
```

# [unreleased]

Breaking changes:

> - Use `OwnedKeyId` for the public key set index of `verify_json` and `verify_event`
>   instead of `String`.

Reviewer: It would be simpler to just say:

```suggestion
- Use `OwnedServerSigningKeyId` for the keys of `PublicKeySet`  instead of `String`.
```
